hey what is going on guys my name is
Ryan in today in this video I'll be
talking about a new zombie game from
Activision and this is almost confirmed
around say its ninety-eight percent
confirmed it's not actually the 100
confirmed yet by Activision but still
there are some promising images i'll be
showing you guys say in the video that
will be kind of confirming this
speculation on this new zombie only game
so guys please like the video if you do
enjoy it make sure to subscribe for more
zombie contact and let's get started so
as many of you may know if you guys are
following zombies or you love zombies
and you have probably seen the new
information about the zombie collection
there were a couple of pictures from
amazon that were saying that um you know
that this is an actual game and you know
they took him down right away but a lot
of people are saying they were
photoshopped i was kind of one i was
skeptical and said they were
photoshopped as well and guys also keep
in mind it's like 1130 one making this
video so it's pretty late so that's why
i'm kind of quiet in the video but um
like I said you know everyone thought
was photoshopped and I kind of did too
but on these new images and I'll
actually put him in the description blog
because I didn't get permission from him
to put them in my video on ms gym but I
he reply so I Mama's gonna link you to
his actual pictures on Twitter just you
know so don't put him on the video and
I'll you know I don't take his copyright
I guess you know everything's okay so um
besides beside the point guys basically
he had talked with someone from xbox or
some kind of rep and you know basically
this game is confirmed now I'm not
really sure you know I'm assuming the
top Photoshop because if you guys look
at the address bar a couple these there
so they look done address bar is just
you know it's it's correct it's not vol
think it's been edited at all and it
looks like it should but guys it's all
up to speculation I'm gonna say two
ninety-eight percent confirmed as many
people do love zombies I really do think
this is a good way for activation make
money so it does make a lot of sense but
so guys I let us load the images and
then come back to the comment section
and leave your thoughts on what you
think of this swimming guys I'm not
going to say that this has confirmed one
hundred percent but I'm very very happy
and I'm really excited to see this
because I'm really thinking this is
ninety percent confirmed all right now
just because of this I knew this new
message that has you know occurred from
Twitter so anyways guys you guys don't
agree with this and please make sure to
comment why you guys don't think so
under honestly I let me put the pieces
of the puzzle together makes a lot of
sense i mean you know this really isn't
a surprise to anybody who plays cod
activations all over the money everyone
loves dombey's you
called the ghost is dead so honestly I
just think that this is a great way for
them to make some more revenue everybody
loves zombies like I said so honestly
it's a great way for Activision to make
some quick money and you know maybe even
get the zombie thing going back again so
you can calibrate back to life kind of
get some more action and call duty kids
honestly call videos to just sucked all
the life out of it so I know these guys
finally if you do enjoy the veiled and
please make sure you leave a like rating
before you leave also make sure to
subscribe if you are in a viewer and
also guys make sure to leave your
comments with any kind of opinion or
feedback you guys may have thank you for
watching I'm very excited for this
interviews are excited make sure to once
again leave a comment before you leave
my name is Ryan and planks time allow
peace